Write changelog for next release (#1297)
Akuli/porcupine: CHANGELOG.md

and other details that don't affect using Porcupine.

## Unreleased

New features:
- Porcupine now looks quite different than before, because it uses [the sv-ttk themes](https://pypi.org/project/sv-ttk/). You can choose between dark and light theme in settings.
- When running programs with output going to the terminal window (try Shift+F5), Porcupine now supports keyboard input. For example, programs that use Python's `input()` function now work.
- Pastebinning is now done by right-clicking selected text. There is no longer a "Pastebin" menu in the menubar.

Bug fixes:

> - The cursor now remains visible when pressing Ctrl+Delete or Ctrl+backspace.

Author: ```suggestion
- The editor now scrolls sideways to keep the cursor visible when pressing Ctrl+Delete or Ctrl+backspace.
```
